hey guess this is the Terminator and
this is another hero spy of high-level
dueling play so this is between they
coat remember from the previous video
and as ago Baker was on the left
controlling the Academy Army as it galls
on the right control main inferno army
and as you may know NASA fake-o has once
again opted for a kind of different non
faction hero to lead his army he's got a
knight in an army of Academy people and
well this may seem a little weird
Knights are just kind of very might
based heroes they kind of synergize well
with any real Knight army and they go
build artifacts again first so his army
actually has not only to have the stats
from the nightmare from the night so you
can see those are pretty considerable
but it also has you know a lot of +7
ATAG artifacts and some even has the
defense art effects one they all have
initiative boosting artifacts except we
got an army with very high attack
against as a Gaul who unfortunately has
zero defense so while they're almost
equal in my an attack the artifacts Mako
has really outweigh as ago on that
department and ethical has no defense
he's gonna take a lot of damage from a
really heavily might based army so I'm
really just to see how this is gonna
play out because it's a pretty unique
set up I've a co so it's interesting so
without further ado let's get underway
so shins are gonna yep fortune
the ever-increasing look at that battle
made his rabbit reducible more range of
damage see how they're all gaining in
reinforcements because he's gonna need
those extra troops to overcome the
superior quality of the académie army
it's really strong work units if I
wanted to get a lot of the imps before
they manager ain't too much more gaining
going down taiana's we're just gonna
keep him wearing down the succubi so
there I gotta be able to do much damage
but I can still puppet which you can see
the nightmares charge McCraw so they do
get a lucky attack Segal was hoping for
a fee or to kind of push the shack is
out of the be open though which 1:40 did
not go off and she just Morgaine itself
as ago can survive he's gonna have a lot
of troops coming in confusion going down
to stop those archers because they're
very well protected gargoyles be hit on
the nightmares or the house aliens
rather sorry
Titans getting it wasn't gonna do that
much names right forward mass face so
that come on with the initiative
artifacts is gonna make that Academy
army go very very fast enough to move
forward
the ring Jacques just finished off the
Sarabhai there
they're gonna nightmares either those
corners had quite a big staff news plus
time an attacking a defense I'm with the
euros and again as you go has your
defense he's just gonna take it as
walking copy even with bad luck you can
see they Co 46 on the morning grunts
it's a lot has it was really gonna be
those gated troops because he's taking
very heavy losses here I think it just
they get such a powerful I'm a powerful
set up he's a little water trouble
battle mages are going again see ya so
there's not too much under our walk on
the part of that night yeah you see the
negative one walk but even so as it goes
taking a lot of caterpie's already
but he's getting some what he hits in
there at the end and the gates are
starting to come in is the gated status
hit spawn I think it's still coming in
but don't be quite good when they get in
there and he goes down the master I just
might so that's gonna make the damage
the Academy Army is putting out even
higher Darvill is moving it again
so they take forever to vitrify really
in what the gargoyles in five
but in terms of the modeling how many
think that's some more
and I'll weep on the mandroid is to stop
shooting out crazy image they're just
gonna kind of walk away their finish off
that catered instead
see the house dalliance theory that
dishes away from the top there
who knows they hate something Ferno so
that I'll help counteract the heat ones
yep another haze from the haven yourself
the night rather
our deficit Kev's we think it's a very
powerful television and it's gonna have
them now faith will use it up Jacques
both of us stand sit
devastated of a garment student -
impacts
gremlins takes heavy casualties
so those Devils got one of them fast
this is interesting as it goes again
really uh on the lower end stat-wise but
he does have quite a few gave the truth
so still a fairly close game good sharp
so i can never pronounce their name
vampirism on the pits bones of that
shit'll of them regains from their
numbers and resurrection on the tenets
also three Titans come back and you can
see here the Kremlin's are suicide into
the gated stack so that has it all can't
use them as a fodder for president in
his Pittsville with base feel they do
get one back there sucked was final
active again so two of the titans of
scammers right there coming down but the
Devils are are the air stuff we're
almost dead
they're gonna tell mortgage try to
finish off the genius divisions but they
do not importance there's something
shoes and think the gargoyles really are
just powerhouse into this Campina 7 I
think 7 how stallions to to arch Devils
and that hope that was succubus right
there and they've yet to take any really
meaningful casualties our shovels go
down and this is looking like it's
pretty much the end for acid all he's
got left is really that's back of six
pits bones and I really don't see any we
can overcome these odds here even with
van prism save there's how he a shoe so
they probably to get beat on a bit would
be surprising the gargoyles tightness
yep and the one Jeannie looks think it's
actually gonna get the final kill
yep there it goes so that was a game
again between Vaco and house of God both
people on the heroes community forums
some very interesting strategies
employed there especially with the night
I hope you enjoyed it and look forward
to the next one which I'm hoping to cast
right after this actually so should be a
bit for too long so tune in er and I'll
see you it